README.md, before:

# sfwatch
A simple filesystem watcher for the GNU Linux. This will work only on Linux systems. inotify and family doesn't work on
Mac OSX and other Unix systems. Inotify is a linux kernel subsystem API for watching filesystems.


Run sfwatch from any directroy like any other linux command
```bash
make all install 

```


This will monitor all activities in the directory and it's files or monitor the specified file,
but will not go down to the subdirectories.
```bash
./sfwatch -p <dirpath> or <filepath>

```

To do recursive monitor on directory and it's subdirectories use -r option
```bash
./sfwatch -rp <dirpath>

```


You can redirect output to a file with the -s option

```bash
./sfwatch -rp <dirpath> -s path_tofile
```



# screenshot to show how it really works


![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest2.png)

![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest3.png)



# feedbacks

I am open to all kinds of feedbacks. Little project to keep me engage this sommer2017.
Give it a try and let me know what you think. Feel free to open an issue for your feedbacks

Commit message:

updated with how to fix inotify limits errors

README.md, after:

# sfwatch
A simple filesystem watcher for the GNU Linux. This will work only on Linux systems. inotify and family doesn't work on
Mac OSX and other Unix systems. Inotify is a linux kernel subsystem API for watching filesystems.


Run sfwatch from any directroy like any other linux command
```bash
make all install 
After that you can do this sfwatch -p <dirptha/filepath>

```


This will monitor all activities in the directory and it's files or monitor the specified file,
but will not go down to the subdirectories.
```bash
./sfwatch -p <dirpath> or <filepath>

```

To do recursive monitor on directory and it's subdirectories use -r option
```bash
./sfwatch -rp <dirpath>

```


You can redirect output to a file with the -s option

```bash
./sfwatch -rp <dirpath> -s path_tofile

```


If you want to use sfwatch a big directory with files and subdirectories more than 10,000 or your default
inotify limit then you will have to change the inotify limit in /etc/sysctl.conf

```bash
#to this values or any preferred values

fs.inotify.max_user_watches = 999999
fs.inotify.max_queued_events = 999999
fs.inotify.max_user_instances = 999999

You can also view the values using
sudo sysctl fs.inotify.max_user_watches 
    fs.inotify.max_queued_events 
    fs.inotify.max_user_instances

```



# screenshot to show how it really works



![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest.png)


![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest2.png)


![alt text](https://github.com/seekaddo/sfwatch/blob/master/screentest3.png)




# feedbacks

I am open to all kinds of feedbacks. Little project to keep me engage this sommer2017.
Give it a try and let me know what you think. Feel free to open an issue for your feedbacks
